com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ItemLayoutBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivityManualEntryRecyclerViewBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivityManualEntryRecyclerViewBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FooditemLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FooditemLayoutBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/HistoryLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.HistoryLayoutBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/NavHeaderBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.NavHeaderBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ProfileActivityBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ProfileActivityBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ListViewModelBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ListViewModelBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/LoggedActivityBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.LoggedActivityBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ListItemBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ListItemBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/HistoryLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.HistoryLayoutBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/TwoLayoutCombinedBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.TwoLayoutCombinedBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentNewAccountBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentNewAccountBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ItemLayoutFulllistBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ItemLayoutFulllistBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentHistoryBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentHistoryBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentHistoryBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentHistoryBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivityCameraBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivityCameraBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentCategoriesBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentCategoriesBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/TextRecognitionActivityBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.TextRecognitionActivityBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/SettingsActivityBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.SettingsActivityBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivityManualEntryRecyclerViewBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivityManualEntryRecyclerViewBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ProfileActivityBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ProfileActivityBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/login/LoginFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.login.LoginFragmentDirections
com/example/loginimplenetation/login/NewAccountFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.login.NewAccountFragmentDirections
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ConfirmUpdateItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ConfirmUpdateItemBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ListItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ListItemBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivityUpdateBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivityUpdateBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentNewAccountBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentNewAccountBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/LoggedActivityBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.LoggedActivityBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ItemLayoutFulllistBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ItemLayoutFulllistBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ContentMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ContentMainBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ListViewModelBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ListViewModelBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.BuildConfig
com/example/loginimplenetation/BR.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.BR
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivityUpdateBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivityUpdateBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivitySettingsBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivitySettingsBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ItemLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ItemLayoutBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivityManualEntryFormatBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivityManualEntryFormatBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentForgottenAccountBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentForgottenAccountBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.loginimplenetation.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.loginimplenetation.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentCategoriesBindingV23Impl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentCategoriesBindingV23Impl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FooditemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FooditemLayoutBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ConfirmUpdateItemBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ConfirmUpdateItemBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/TextRecognitionActivityBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.TextRecognitionActivityBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/TwoLayoutCombinedBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.TwoLayoutCombinedBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentCategoriesBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentCategoriesBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivityCameraBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivityCameraBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/SettingsActivityBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.SettingsActivityBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/login/ForgottenAccountFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.login.ForgottenAccountFragmentDirections
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ActivityManualEntryFormatBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ActivityManualEntryFormatBindingImpl
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/loginimplenetation/databinding/FragmentForgottenAccountBindingImpl.java
 com.example.loginimplenetation.databinding.FragmentForgottenAccountBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
